Updated history sample for mv3 (#940)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/history/showHistory/showHistory.md

# chrome.history

> This sample demonstrates using the `chrome.history` API to display the user's most visited pages in the extension popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates using the [`chrome.history`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/history/) API to display the user's most visited pages in the extension popup.
```

Reviewer: We should probably be linking to the API we're demonstrating.

## Overview

> This extension makes use of the `chrome.history.search` API to scrape the browser's history and count occurances of each visited URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension calls `chrome.history.search()` to scrape the browser's history and count occurrences of each visited URL.
```
